I'm very excited to be I'm glad you're
here you know your husband David Beckham
has been here a few times yeah he seems
like well I would assume you like him I
mean I mean I've been married to him for
20 years yeah I'm kind of fond of him
he's a good dad if you're still fond of
him after 20 years then it seems to be
going well and he is a good dad and I
saw him once out to dinner just him and
the kids out at once and I thought oh
look at that there's David Beckham yeah
he's really good I mean you're watching
them right now David is watching the
kids and you know we kind of we swap so
when I'm at home he's away so one of us
is always there looking after the kid I
see oh very good and he but he's retired
now isn't he no you don't retired I mean
he's not playing football anymore baby
I've got lots of interesting business
ventures obviously the Miami Football
Club which we are well yes they do like
football but the real football not the
one where they kicked things yeah I like
it but not that much okay yeah I like
him I like him oh he's a beautiful man
there's no question I mean he's
something else does he ever mention me
but he leaves it here and then that's it
Yeah right we keep our things to
ourselves your kids are how old now I'm
Brooklyn is 20 oh wow and Romeo is 17
Cruz is 14 and Harper is eight I've got
so many kids
so many kids well you have four can I
have four kids as well yeah it's a lot
of kids it's a lot of kids I always say
it's not about parenting and more about
crowd control when it when it gets to
that menu right did they bring all their
friends over and it's like a whole thing
at you're out cuz I would hang out at
your house yeah I was a kid and you know
yeah you know in the neighborhood for
sure we do we have all the children all
four kids bring all their friends over
to the house so when we come home at the
end of the day there's always lots and
lots of children and I think the main
phone
is making sure that they all leave
empty-handed
and that the art is still on the wall I
see young hooligans coming in here oh
yeah
you all have line of beauty products you
release one of them per month yes okay
what is I like that idea but don't we
need them immediately if we want to be
beautiful you know I launched this
beauty brand because I wanted to create
a beauty brand of the future with a real
focus on clean beauty sustainability and
not compromising with with the formulas
and making sure that things are active
and going direct to consumer it makes
sense to do regular drops it keeps it
more exciting for the consumer for my
community and you've got to keep it
exciting for the consumer correct well I
want it to be exciting for you to me is
it really so if I put it on twice I'll
be 12 years old wait I will tell you
something I want to ask you a serious
question about beauty products I heard
you were really fun this is a serious
question
okay so I have moisturizer I didn't know
really you even supposed to use it okay
I mean yeah well that's for others but
then I went to the doctor he's like hey
you got a moisturizer I'll give the skin
of an alligator but so I have this used
cocoa butter okay but I will put like
the body stuff on my face you know and
my wife and one of her friends were over
and they're like what are you doing
when it's gonna clump your paws Jimmy so
the one you put on your body it's okay
it clogs your pores but you can't put
why what's the difference reading I
think that you can but I think that it
you're better to use a moisturizer they
specifically for your face but I feel
like that's just a trick to get us to
buy an expensive one
yes I mean not really I mean there's a
lot of science that goes into these
products you send this to the other
members of the Spice Girls do you tell
them like hey I got something for you
you're gonna love it I will send them to
this you haven't yet I haven't because I
only just got mine but I will
who haven't sent it to them because you
don't want them to be as beautiful by
the way
one more thing about your husband he got
a bronze statue up in front of the
stadium one of the kids think about the
fact that there's a statue of their dad
do you know it was it was really funny
seeing their reactions because it's so
huge at least doing the statue I have
seen it yeah it's huge right it's so big
and so it was really exciting for us to
go and take all the kids and for them to
take selfies by it and comment on you
know the size of Daddy's bottom the size
of Daddy's bottle daddy's bottom in
Braaten uh-huh yeah yeah I think it's
such a huge honor you know we loved
living in LA we had such a great time
every time we come back to LA the kids
are way today that they feel like
they're coming home you know it's funny
yeah this is from Instagram
David posted this and this is uh this is
what it's like to live in LA yes your
daughter cop when trick-or-treating I
got a snow cone from Justin Bieber at
his house he gives up snow cones he was
so he texted David this was on Halloween
and he just asked David what he was
doing and David turn out
trick-or-treating with with the kids
because I had to go back to London to
work and he said come over to my house
we're giving out snow cones and so they
all went round to Bieber's house and he
gave them all snow clothes he's such a
nice man I was gonna say boy but he's a
man now right does he do I feel like
he's still a boy does it take the snow
corn and throw it in the bag or is it uh
he was so nice and sweet and kind we
bumped into her a few times normally
he's on his skateboard uh I'm Beverly
Hills you know getting a doughnut it I
can see why you guys left I really can
it's very weird to live here well thank
you for coming thank you for the
moisturizer I'm gonna try to use the
rest of it tonight I might not recognize
you
welcome everybody Victoria Beckham
beauty.com
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape